{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;\red50\green98\blue178;
\red245\green245\blue245;}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa320

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Using 
\f1 \cb3 git
\f0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  is cool! 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  is fun! 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  will do your dishes if you only remember a few simple commands. If it's a repository that you've already made (like your 
\b Notes
\b0  one) you can skip down to adding files and making commits.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b\fs42 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320
\cf2 Creating a repository + connect to the remote repository\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Do you already have a respository in that folder? Did you set it up earlier? If not..\
First, you want to get your local repo (a.k.a. the copy on your machine) initialized.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git init\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 Then you'll want to connect it to the remote on you made on github.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git add remote origin https://github.com/yourusername/reponame.git\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 Don't cut just and paste that!
\b0  You'll go to prison. Instead, make sure you're using your username and repository name - it's the same URL as in your browser, but with a 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 .git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  at the end. You can also get it by clicking on the right hand side of your page where it says "HTTPS clone URL."\

\b NEXT UP:
\b0  You probably want to add your files\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b\fs42 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320
\cf2 Add new files\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Unlike something like Dropbox, 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  doesn't pay attention to new files unless you tell it to. You can tell it to pay attention by using 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git add
\f0\fs32 \cb1 . You'll want to walk through and add the files one at a time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git add somemarkdown.md\
git add pythonstuff.py\
git add anotebook.ipynb\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 There's a way to add them all at one, but 
\i I'm not telling you how
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b \cf2 NEXT UP:
\b0  You'll also need to 
\b commit
\b0  them in order to get them to 
\i actually
\i0  save.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b\fs42 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320
\cf2 Saving changes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Whether you're adding new files or just changing existing ones git knows about, you'll need to commit your changes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git commit -m "Saving some files"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 Make sure you don't put a space after the 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 m
\f0\fs32 \cb1 ! And be careful with your quotation marks, it's easy to forget to close them.\
Even though you've saved your changes locally, you still want them to be up on GitHub!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git push\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 The first time you run this on a new repo you'll need to specify 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git push -u origin master
\f0\fs32 \cb1  so it knows where to send it (Remember when we did 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 remote add origin
\f0\fs32 \cb1 ? Yeah, it's related to that.).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b \cf2 NEXT UP:
\b0  What about changes already on GitHub?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b\fs42 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320
\cf2 Pulling from GitHub\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Let's say something else made a change and pushed it to GitHub, or maybe you edited a file from their editor window. Your computer isn't up to date! It'll probably yell if you try to 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git push
\f0\fs32 \cb1 . You'll want to download the changes from GitHub using\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git pull\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\b\fs42 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320
\cf2 Copying other repositories\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Let's say you really like my repository, and you'd like to stay in touch! You'd like to be able to use 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git pull
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to pull down any edits and get any new files I've made. To copy a repository to your computer, you use the command\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 git clone https://github.com/theirusername/theirreponame.git\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 and it'll create a new folder with all of the contents.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\b \cf2 DO NOT DO THIS INSIDE OF ONE OF YOUR REPOSITORIES.
\b0  (please)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b\fs42 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320
\cf2 Review\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa320

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 git init
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to initialize a new local repo\

\f2\fs28 \cb3 git remote add origin https://github.com/username/repo.git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to connect to GitHub from your local repo\

\f2\fs28 \cb3 git add filename.py
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to tell 
\f2\fs28 \cb3 git
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to track changes for a new file\

\f2\fs28 \cb3 git commit -m "Here are my comments"
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to save changes to your local repo\

\f2\fs28 \cb3 git push
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to push your changes up to git\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 git pull
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to download other peoples' changes from git\
}