{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green66\blue71;\red255\green255\blue255;\red140\green140\blue149;
\red55\green140\blue216;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
Homework 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Published on May 27th 2015.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\fs36 \cf2 Lab is in 601A and 601C from 2-5pm today.\
Don't worry about getting a perfect score on a homework assignment! The point of homework is to push you further instead of simply reviewing what we did in class.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b\fs42 \cf2 Your mission\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b0\fs36 \cf2 Inspired by the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20141016-your-life-on-earth"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 BBC's "Your life on earth"}} - we will be creating a program to analyze the year a user was born in.\
Please create a brand new file named 
\b homework-1-
\i lastname
\i0 .py
\b0  The 
\b first line
\b0  should be a comment with your full name The 
\b second line
\b0  should be the date The 
\b third line
\b0  should be a comment "Homework 1"\
When run from the command line, this file should\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Prompt the user for their year of birth, and tell them (approximately):\
{\listtext	2.	}How old they are\
{\listtext	3.	}How many times their heart has beaten\
{\listtext	4.	}How many times a blue whale's heart has beaten\
{\listtext	5.	}How many times a rabbit's heart has beaten\
{\listtext	6.	}If the answer to (5) is more than a billion, say "XXX billion" instead of the very long raw number\
{\listtext	7.	}How old they are in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.enchantedlearning.com/subjects/astronomy/age.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Venus years}}\
{\listtext	8.	}How old they are in Neptune years\
{\listtext	9.	}Whether they are the same age as you, older or younger\
{\listtext	10.	}If older or younger, how many years difference\
{\listtext	11.	}If they were born in an even or odd year\
{\listtext	12.	}How many times the Pittsburgh Steelers have {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.steelers.com/history/superbowl.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 won the Superbowl.}}\
{\listtext	13.	}Which {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 US President was in office}} when they were born (FDR onward)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240
\cf2 Additionally, if someone gives you a year in the future, try asking them again (assume they'll do it right the second time).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b\fs42 \cf2 Tips & Hints\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b0\fs36 \cf2 If you're having trouble wrapping your head around a problem, write out what you want to do in pseudocode before you try to write the actual Python code.\
You will probably end up googling 
\b multiple comparisons
\b0  in an 'if' statement, 
\b adding one
\b0  to variables, the 
\b else
\b0  and 
\b elif
\b0  operators, and
\b modulo
\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b\fs42 \cf2 Submission\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b0\fs36 \cf2 Submit homework to Roger via Slack (username @tarogermiller). Click his username on the left hand side, it will open up a private chat with him. To the left of where you type your message, there is a circle with an up arrow in it. Click it to upload a private file to Roger.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b\fs42 \cf2 General Questions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\b0\fs36 \cf2 Feel free to ask in #general on Slack, I'm sure other people are wondering as well.\
}