{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24920\viewh12020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 If you'd like to brush up on your Python skills, you should go over the do-nows\'a0
\i or
\i0 \'a0you can try checking out Learn Python the Hard Way, which might do a good job at helping you out: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Homework
\b0 \
\

\b TIPS
\b0 \
\
To find out if a value is in a list, you can use: 
\f1 'blue' in ['orange', 'yellow', 'red']
\f0 \
\
If you're ending up with a lot of 
\f1 0
\f0 's where you know there shouldn't be any, think about data types and the difference between 
\f1 5 / 2
\f0  and 
\f1 5.0 / 2 
\f0 (try it out in IPython if you want).\
\
I know I've said it a hundred times, but don't sweat it if the more difficult pieces are more... difficult.\

\b \
1. COOKING HELPER
\b0 \
\
Cooking from recipes can be tough if you don't know how to convert units. Let's write a program to help that out!\
\
Write three functions 
\f1 to_cups
\f0 , 
\f1 to_tablespoons
\f0  and 
\f1 to_teaspoons
\f0 . Each function takes two parameters, an amount and a measurement. Convert the amount of that measurement into the target measurement. i.e.,
\f1 to_teaspoons(3, 'tablespoons')
\f0  should return the number 9, since 3 tablespoons = 9 teaspoons.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 # Use these to test your function, and ask Google or Wolfram Alpha ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=1+cup+in+tablespoons"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=1+cup+in+tablespoons}})
\f0 \

\f1 print to_cups(3, 'tablespoons')
\f0 \

\f1 print to_tablespoons(9, 'teaspoons')
\f0 \

\f1 print to_teaspoons(1, 'cups')
\f0 \

\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf2 2. BRANCHING OUT
\b0 \
\
If you're baking, measuring by weight is much much better than measuring by volume. Make a function called to_grams that takes an amount, a measurement and an ingredient name. It should return the number of grams the ingredient weighs.\
\
Unfortunately different ingredients weigh different amounts - one cup of flour is 125 grams, but one cup of water is 240 grams!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 # Use these to test your function
\f0 \

\f1 print to_grams(3, 'cups', 'flour')
\f0 \

\f1 print to_grams(2, 'tablespoons', 'water')
\f0 \
\
Dry ingredients (125 grams per cup): salt, flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, yeast\
Wet ingredients (240 grams per cup): water, butter, egg, milk, chocolate, sugar\
\
Warning: This list is reeeaaaally not accurate.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 3. RING IT UP
\b0 \
\
Now we have a big ol' recipe\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 recipe = [
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 \{ 'amount': 3, 'measurement': 'cups', 'ingredient': 'flour' \},
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 \{ 'amount': 1, 'measurement': 'tablespoons', 'ingredient': 'milk' \},
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 \{ 'amount': 0.25, 'measurement': 'teaspoons', 'ingredient': 'salt' \},
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 \{ 'amount': 1, 'measurement': 'cups', 'ingredient': 'butter' \},
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 \{ 'amount': 0.75, 'measurement': 'cups', 'ingredient': 'baking powder' \},
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 \{ 'amount': 0.25, 'measurement': 'cups', 'ingredient': 'egg' \}
\f0 \

\f1 ]
\f0 \
\
What's the total gram weight of the entire recipe?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 4. BREAD CITY
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 If you really like either baking or programming or algorithms, you can do this one:
\i0 \
\
There's this magic thing called the Baker's Percentage when cooking bread.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker_percentage"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker_percentage}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.craftybaking.com/howto/bakers-percentage-method"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.craftybaking.com/howto/bakers-percentage-method}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thebakersguide.com/the-bakers-percentage"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://thebakersguide.com/the-bakers-percentage}}\
\
It's just the weight of an ingredient vs. the weight of flour - 200 grams of water, 4 grams of yeast and 400 grams of flour = 50% water and 10% yeast. It's NOT the percentage of the total recipe, just the amount of the ingredient over the amount of flour (in that case it would be ~33% water).\
\
Let's say I want to make a yeasted dough (100% flour, 35% water, 35% milk, 4% yeast, 1.8% salt). My friend says she has 6 cups of flour. How many cups of water and milk, and teaspoons of yeast and salt do I need? You don't need a loop or anything, you should be able to do it piece by piece. 
\i You'll need to convert from volume to weight, then back to volume.
\i0 \
\
Use the code below to convert between grams and other measurements. For example,
\f1 grams_to_measurement(300, 'flour', 'cups')
\f0  should convert 3 grams of flour into cups.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 def grams_to_measurement(amount, ingredient, measurement):
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 # Convert 1 measurement of the ingredient to grams
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 # to get the tablespoon:grams ratio
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 conversion = to_grams(1, measurement, ingredient)
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0\'a0
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 # Then invert it to get the grams:tablespoon ratio
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 inverse = 1 / conversion
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0\'a0
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 # Then multiply to get the amount of the measurement
\f0 \

\f1 \'a0 return inverse * amount
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \
TURNING IT IN
\b0 \
\
Same as always! Turn it in via Slack by Monday AM.\
}