{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 NOTEBOOKS FROM CLASS
\b0 \

\b \

\b0 Homework:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jsoma/lede-notes/blob/master/10-homework-walkthrough.ipynb"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://github.com/jsoma/lede-notes/blob/master/10-homework-walkthrough.ipynb}}\
NYT:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jsoma/lede-notes/blob/master/NYT-API.ipynb"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://github.com/jsoma/lede-notes/blob/master/NYT-API.ipynb}}\
\

\b HOT TIP
\b0 \
\
Apparently the requests library is made out of magic, and might save you a lot of time and typing:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 import requests
\f0 \

\f1 response = requests.get(url)
\f0 \

\f1 data = requests.json()
\f0 \
\
That'll download a page and parse the json instead of you doing the whole import urllib2/json dance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 HOMEWORK 11
\b0 \
\
All APIs: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.nytimes.com/docs"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://developer.nytimes.com/docs}}\
Best-seller API: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/books_api/Books_API_Best_Sellers"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/books_api/Books_API_Best_Sellers}}\
Article search API: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/read/article_search_api_v2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/read/article_search_api_v2}}\
Test/build queries: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.nytimes.com/io-docs"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://developer.nytimes.com/io-docs}}\
\
1) What books topped the NYT best-sellers list on the day you were born?\
\
2) Muammar Gaddafi's name can be transliterated many many ways. There are a million and one versions used for his last name - Gadafi, Gaddafi, Kadafi, and Qaddafi to name a few. How many times has the New York Times referred to him by each of those names?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i\b \cf2 Tip:
\b0  Add "Libya" to your search to make sure (-ish) you're talking about the right guy.
\i0 \
\
3) What's the title of the first story to mention the word 'hipster' in 1995? What's the first paragraph?\
\
4) How many times was gay marriage mentioned in the NYT between 1950-1959, 1960-1969, 1970-1978, 1980-1989, 1990-2099, 2000-2009, and 2010-present?\
\

\i\b Tip:
\b0  You'll want to put quotes around the search term so it isn't just looking for "gay" and "marriage" in the same article.
\i0 \
\

\i\b Tip:
\b0  Write code to find the number of mentions between Jan 1, 1950 and Dec 31, 1959. Turn that code into a function that takes two parameters, a start date and an end date, and returns the number of mentions.
\i0 \
\
5) What section talks about motorcycles the most?\'a0\
\

\i\b Tip:
\b0  You'll be using facets
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 TURNING IT IN
\b0 \
\
Send it to both TA's by Monday AM.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \cb5 You want the best-selling books in the 
\b hardcover fiction
\b0 \'a0list! (Or hardcover nonfiction - I'm not picky)\
\
\
and! it's\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf4 response.json()
\b0 \
\
not\

\b \
requests.json()
\b0 \
\
and! make sure you have 
\b .json
\b0  as the extension for all of your NYT requests.\
\
\
\
Okay, okay, apparently the books API is only 2008+ (terrible, I know). So instead of on the day of your birth let's use on your
\i birthday in 2009.}