{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20020\viewh11960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Hope you enjoyed your arts and crafts today! Here's your homework, due Tuesday night. If you didn't finish last week's homework, feel free to work on that instead (although some of these are certainly easier).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \
HOMEWORK 4
\b0 \
\
Rewriting some of your 
\i dogs.csv
\i0  code into list comprehensions would be great (try starting with getting a unique list of borough names), but feel free to also work on the following:\
\
1. Make a dictionary where every dog's name maps to the number of dogs with that name.\
2. How many dogs are named Danger?\
3. Find the ratio of dogs name Spot to dogs name Spike.\
4a. Make a list of all of the names that only appear once in the list (Tip: One option is to make a set, then make use of a list's .count() method).\
4b. Display them in alphabetical order.\
5. Which borough loves dogs the most? Use the following dictionary to tell me the ratio of dogs to people in each borough.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 population = \{ 'Staten Island': 468000, 'Brooklyn': 2504000, 'Bronx': 1385000, 'Manhattan': 1585000, 'Queens': 2231000 \}
\f0 \
6. Here's a list of neighborhoods by zip code - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/cancer/registry/appendix/neighborhoods.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://www.health.ny.gov/statistics/cancer/registry/appendix/neighborhoods.htm}} - how does the Lower East Side compare to the Upper East Side in terms of registering dogs? How about Greenpoint to Sunset Park?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 SUBMISSION
\b0 \
\
Submit homework by Sunday night to Roger via Slack (username 
\i tarogermiller
\i0 ). Click his username on the left hand side, it will open up a private chat with him. To the left of where you type your message, there is a circle with an up arrow in it. Click it to upload a private file to Roger.\
}