{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green210\blue84;
}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21420\viewh11200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Time for a 
\b REVIEW
\b0 ! A review for everyone, for everything. Enjoy the highlights below!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 HOMEWORK FIVE
\b0 \
\
Your job is to put together a series of IPython Notebooks that your friends and neighbors and classmates and instructors could use to learn and study Python! The notebooks should include both code cells as well as plenty of commentary in Markdown cells. Here's how you're gonna do it:\
\
A good starting point will be your DO-NOWs. \cb4 Redo each of your do-nows in an IPython Notebook\cb3 , answering the questions and providing documentation of how and why each answer works. Name each IPython Notebook as Do-Now-2, Do-Now-3, etc. I've attached each of the do-nows.\
\
A kind of boring answer/summary might be something like:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \'a0 name = "Soma"\
\'a0 print "Hello", name\
\'a0 # Displays Hello name\
\'a0 print "Hello", "name"\
\'a0 # Displays Hello Soma\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf2 \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 \'a0 This question is to test the difference between variables and strings. If a word doesn't have quotation marks around it, Python assumes it is a variable, and substitutes what that variable stands for. In the example above, it's displaying "Soma" in place of 
\f2 name
\f0 .
\i0 \
\
As you go along, \cb4 keep another IPython Notebook called Notes\cb3 .\'a0\
\
This notebook will include the important pieces you learned each day, or from each do-now or homework. For example, what is a variable? How do you know what a list is? How do you get information out of a dictionary? Why do you use list() with csv.DictReader? Please also pull from any other sources of notes you have, and include links to any stackoverflow results you found useful.\
\
Give this page the title notes (i.e., 
\b # Notes
\b0 ) and explain how you've organized it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 This notebook must be organized into sections.
\b0  Define a section header as a Markdown cell like so:\
\
## Section Name\
\
Subsections can be created using ###, ####, and #####, etc. Example sections could be 
\b Day 1
\b0 \'a0or 
\b Strings
\b0 \'a0or 
\b Using lists
\b0 \'a0or 
\b Opening a CSV
\b0 or\'a0
\b Command Line Commands
\b0 . \cb4 You'll need to have at least FIVE SECTIONS in this Notes notebook\cb3 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \cb4 I
\i\b0 F YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO SOMETHING, SAY SO
\i0\b \cb3 .
\b0  You should have a section called "Things I want to improve on" or "Things I'm unsure about" or something similar, where you can list topics that you need a little more time with, or things that still have you a little stumped. You can also mark these topics down when talking about a do-now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 SUBMISSION
\b0 \

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 This homework is due by Sunday night, although it's okay if it isn't at 100%. Zip up all of your IPython Notebooks (they'll be .ipynb files) and send them over Slack to me, Roger, and Aram.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 TIPS
\b0 \

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 \cb4 MAKE SURE YOU'RE RUNNING ipython notebook FROM YOUR LEDE DIRECTORY.
\i0\b0 \cb3 \'a0Otherwise bad things will happen (mainly confusion).
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 \
And 
\b \cb4 don't feel bad
\b0 \cb3 \'a0if your knowledge decreases as you get to more and more advanced topics! Programming is tough stuff, and ain't nobody able to do all of this stuff.\
}